hello I'm here to review their chili
seed bank ghost peppers hooks actually
petrified or heroes
here we go
it's obviously quite thick
go piss off here we go much it goes
it's quite fruity lemon if you're
definitely test with orange you may be
tangerines or nectarines or something
like that
quite fragrant maybe something like
carbon but it's actually quite starting
to burn
no big burning the back mahjongg but
lips are burning
that's hot
oh my god of the Chinese hook
tonight is totally and full of water
the hottest on the cheats feel hot
betting in top gets boiling I got it you
know fix that hot okay so time to milk
later the ghost pepper sauce it's
extremely hot it's actually quite
Caribbean in flavor lots of fruitiness
book exploring it a probably warranted
by the spoon ever again but definitely
in sauces or perhaps as our marinade is
the ticket